It seems that the Tibetan Snow Group
It can't finish our eight families
The entrusted Tianbang task
Trillion compensation
Even if Mother Qianxue sells herself
Can't make up that number
I think the leaders should pack up.
Get ready to receive Canxue Group
To receive Cangxue Group
Take your mother again
Your mom finally bullshit
Humph Qianxue
You finally showed up.
Reflect on the housekeepers
Contact the head of the eight major families
About the Tianbang mission
Cangxue Group wants to hold talks and consultations
wood fresh snow
What else can you negotiate with us?
According to regulations
If you can't complete these orders, you will be compensated tenfold.
Is that right?
lose money lose money lose money
3 days to lose money
I only need three days.
With the connections and resources of our Cangxue Group
I will definitely give you a satisfactory answer.
At that time
If our Cangxue Group doesn't complete the task
Then I will pay 10 times compensation.
Offer with both hands
The connections of Cangxue Group hahaha
No one in Qingzhou dares to help you now
The task of being able to enter the sky list
Which one is not very sleepy?
Can you do it with your current Cangxue Group?
Our Cangxue Group has been based in Qinzhou for many years
Who doesn't know
Our strength and resources
You can see that.
I see you still don't understand the form
Our eight families advance and retreat together
I'm not afraid to tell you
Who dares to help you today?
Tangxue Group is the enemy of our eight major groups
Then the entire Qingzhou will have no place for him
You've already colluded
Hahahahaha
Exactly.
We are here to challenge you together today.
Cangxue Group
Our eight families are doomed
It's a deal. It's a deal.
Did I say help?
Gathered on 32 lines today
I see who dares to stand up for your Cangxue Group
Bullshit.
Let's see who dares to move Strategy Group